---
layout: post
title: A new site, now with more cowbell
---

It's pretty scary how fast the internet and computer technologies are changing our world. It has only been ten years since I started creating websites for a living, and only five since I really discovered the power of programming. And that whole time, I was looking at the fundamental flaws of the technology I was using to build sites, then applications for clients. It started with HTML, CSS, PHP, then morphed into something much greater: Model View * frameworks, coding languages became more OOP-ish, and JavaScript somehow became a full-fledged (albeit ugly), full-stack language. 

I've tried my hand at a variety of web technologies - my own preference is negligable, but I prefer this flat file format for blogging (using Jekyll) and object-oriented coding for business. Ideally, skills should eventually lead to an easier workflow, and more creativity, right? This is a tough thing to find being a programmer. Computers don't really lend themselves to much creativity. But coding demands creative problem solving. Chicken or the egg?

So that is the eventual goal of my newest site: KISS. And while I'm at it, to have a little (or a lot) of fun.

This is a lot bit of an exercise, too. I have typos, a lot. And not all the topics are going to be interesting, since I'll probably use some postings to stash my ideas for work and hobbies.

I hope that if someone else is reading my gibberish, you forgive my ramblings and occasional opinions. I guarantee you, there are millions more like me out there, so I'm especially thankful that anybody cares. 

Cheers!
